hello how about I'm giorgio and I make
equal banalities and if you stay
with me in this video before showing you
how to make this paper doll
The first thing you will do is a little ball
of newspaper forms the good
round and tight
and fasten it with paper tape in the
bottom tie a ojito places the
glue and a wooden stick comes out
to make it firmer, hold it with
tape all around it with the help of
plasticine let's form some
details
I'm going to cover the face, for example I'm going
to form a nose I'm also going to
form by pressing the holes a little
for the eyes and I pass her eyebrows
do not forget the lips that will be the
mouth of the wrist
and of course two balls that will be the
eyes cut out small pieces of paper
china and with the help of a brush and
white glue let's go upholstery
the whole head with rooms of 4 or 5
layers so that it is well resistant
once it dries and when you finish
place them place a generous layer of
white glue so that when drying
an even smoother texture
let's now start painting with
acrylic paints I will use a tone
brown to paint the whole head
with the help of a pencil you will mark the
eye details the eyelids and the
pupil and with the help of acrylic paint
black color and a thin brush we're going
to start painting start to
delineating and after filling
for eyebrows and eyes I will use a
dark brown tone look like I painted
the lips and the eyelids in a tone
rose and now you put some veneers
to form the hair we will need
form a wig so with felt
dark coffee I'm going to take the measure of
the head and I'm going to cut it after
with brown wool or with wool
coffee color let's start forming the
hair passes the needle and pulls both
strips cut the piece and tie a knot
repeat the operation as many times as
necessary for you to hang the whole piece
of felt need not remain
very close together
you can give it a separation so that
finish faster
once you finish upholstering all the
piece of felt you will unravel and
you're going to brush it hard so that
strips of yarn are unraveled and
thus form the appearance of hair for
make it easier you can even
untangle each of the strips
separating the two in order to later be able
brush
finally comb the to give it the style
that you want with glass paint
I'm going to put a little on the
pupils to give it an appearance
sparkly
and to put it more flirtatious I'm going to
place half of a false eyelash
in each of the eyes
to form the body you basically have
that follow the same procedure as
we have done with the head for the body
we will need an egg and for
tips we will need 4 sticks
You can form them with paper
aluminum and follow the same procedure
finally we are going to subject them with
Wire a wire that goes through the side
to side by an ojito that you will have to do
when you cross the still fresh
wire and with it you will hold each
side each of the extremities
forming a roll with tweezers
pliers so that they remain subject and of
this way have mobility the step of
create the body and the extremities me what
jumped because it's really the same
procedure that the head and to
prevent the video from being too
too long finally and most
fun is that you are going to create the
clothes that you want and you are going to give him your
own style of truth I wish you
have liked and that you put it into practice
thank you very much for the time of the
reproduction do not forget to leave me
know what you think by commenting do not
forget also to subscribe because
I have new videos every Wednesday
visit my social networks appear in
screen
you are very well until the next